INFORMATION FOR TRANSLATORS

First, thanks for taking the time to translate dfc :-)

IMPORTANT NOTES:
 - Symbols like %s, \n, etc must remain untouched.
 - Strings from the file text.c that are completely capitalized, like
   "FILESYSTEM " for instance,  must be translated in a string of the
   same length. If not, the output of dfc will be messed up. So, just find a
   way and truncate the name if required. For instance, in French, I would
   translate it this way:
		"SYS. FICH. "
   Completely capitalized string from other files than text.c can be translated
   as usual.

CREATE A NEW TRANSLATION:

Here are the steps you need to follow in order to translate dfc into a new
language:

- Create a new pot file:
	cd po
	make dfc.pot

- Generate a new po file for the language you want to translate into. In the
  example below, I assume it will be translated into French:
	msginit -l fr -i dfc.pot -o fr.po

  Note: -l option is required only if you want to translate into another locale
  than the one used on your computer.

- Now you can start translating all the strings in the *.po file with any text
  editor or *.po file editor (poedit for instance).
  You should then check your translation (see next step).

CHECKING YOUR TRANSLATION:

Simply use this command to check your translation for errors and completeness
(here, I assume you want to check the french translation):
	msgfmt -c --statistics fr.po -o /dev/null

Once this is done, you can send your translation to Robin Hahling:
	robin.hahling@gw-computing.net

If you get this error message when running the command:
	"invalid multibyte sequence"
make sure charset is set to "utf-8" (and not ASCII or something else) in the po
file:
	"Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8\n"

UPDATING A TRANSLATION:

- Create the pot file:
	cd po
	make dfc.pot

- Issue this command to merge the existing po file (here, I assume it is French):
	msgmerge --update fr.po dfc.pot

- Open the *.po file and update translation. Once done, as usual, ckeck your
  translation and send it to the AUTHOR.
